Welcome Vu Anh from Using Databases with Python

Retrieving GEOData
Download the code from www.py4e.com/code3/opengeo.zip - then unzip the file and edit where.data to add an address nearby where you live - don't reveal where you live. Then run the geoload.py to lookup all of the entries in where.data (including the new one) and produce the geodata.sqlite. Then run geodump.py to read the database and produce where.js. You can run the programs and then scroll back to take your screen shots when the program finishes. Then open where.html to visualize the map. Take screen shots as described below. Make sure that your added location shows in all three of your screen shots.


This is a relatively simple assignment. Don't take off points for little mistakes. If they seem to have done the assignment give them full credit. Feel free to make suggestions if there are small mistakes. Please keep your comments positive and useful. If you do not take grading seriously, the instructors may delete your response and you will lose points.
Assignment specification:

Please Upload Your Submission:

Screen shot (JPG or PNG - Maximum 1MB) of the geoload.py program output in the command line including your highlighted added location.No file chosen
(Please use PNG or JPG files 1024KB max)

Screen shot (JPG or PNG - Maximum 1MB) of the geodump.py program output in the command line including your highlighted added location.No file chosen
(Please use PNG or JPG files 1024KB max)

Screen shot (JPG or PNG - Maximum 1MB) of the map zoomed into the location that you added after you open where.html in a browserNo file chosen
(Please use PNG or JPG files 1024KB max)

Enter optional comments below


Make sure each uploaded image file is smaller than 1M. Total upload size limited to 2M

The total number of points for this assignment is 10. You will get up to 3 points from your instructor. Your peers will give you a grade from 0 - 4. You will get 1 for each peer assignment you assess. You need to grade a minimum of 3 peer assignments. You can grade up to 5 peer assignments if you like but grading extra assignment will not increase your score.